README.md, before:

 ## cryptsetup-nuke

A simple patch to add NukeKey feature to cryptsetup 2:2.1.0-4 for Debian


## Requirements

* build-essential libgcrypt20-dev libdevmapper-dev libpopt-dev uuid-dev libtool automake autopoint debhelper xsltproc docbook-xsl dpkg-dev

## Installation

	sudo apt install build-essential libgcrypt20-dev libdevmapper-dev libpopt-dev uuid-dev libtool automake autopoint debhelper xsltproc docbook-xsl dpkg-dev
	apt source cryptsetup
	sudo apt build-dep cryptsetup
	git clone  https://github.com/roema/cryptsetup-nuke
	cd cryptsetup-2.1.0
	patch -p1 < ../cryptsetup-nuke/cryptsetup-2.1.0-4.patch
	dpkg-buildpackage -b -uc
	cd ..
	sudo dpkg -i ../libcryptsetup*.deb
	sudo dpkg -i ../cryptsetup*.deb
	sudo apt-mark hold cryptsetup-bin libcryptsetup12

## Usage examples

First, Backup LUKS header

	 sudo cryptsetup luksHeaderBackup /dev/<sda5> --header-backup-file <file>

Encrypt backup file and store it in a save place

	 openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -salt -in <luks_backup> -out <luks_backup>.enc

Add NukeKey

	 cryptsetup luksAddNuke /dev/<sda5>

To check key slots after nuking, start bootable usb and use the following command

	cryptsetup luksDump /dev/<sda5>

	#return Key Slot 0: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 1: DISABLED
	#retrun Key Slot 2: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 3: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 4: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 5: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 6: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 7: DISABLED

To restore the header, use the following command

	 openssl aes-256-cbc -d -a -in <file>.enc -out <file>
	 cryptsetup luksHeaderRestore /dev/<sda5> --header-backup-file <file>

Commit message:

removed bad patch and updated README

README.md, after:

A easier method has been created from the maintainers of Kali. Go check it out here instead of using this patch: https://gitlab.com/kalilinux/packages/cryptsetup-nuke-password 

## cryptsetup-nuke

A simple patch to add NukeKey feature to cryptsetup 2:2.1.0-4 for Debian


## Requirements

* build-essential libgcrypt20-dev libdevmapper-dev libpopt-dev uuid-dev libtool automake autopoint debhelper xsltproc docbook-xsl dpkg-dev

## Installation

	sudo apt install build-essential libgcrypt20-dev libdevmapper-dev libpopt-dev uuid-dev libtool automake autopoint debhelper xsltproc docbook-xsl dpkg-dev
	apt source cryptsetup
	sudo apt build-dep cryptsetup
	git clone  https://github.com/roema/cryptsetup-nuke
	cd cryptsetup-2.1.0
	patch -p1 < ../cryptsetup-nuke/cryptsetup-2.1.0-4.patch
	dpkg-buildpackage -b -uc
	cd ..
	sudo dpkg -i ../libcryptsetup*.deb
	sudo dpkg -i ../cryptsetup*.deb
	sudo apt-mark hold cryptsetup-bin libcryptsetup12

## Usage examples

First, Backup LUKS header

	 sudo cryptsetup luksHeaderBackup /dev/<sda5> --header-backup-file <file>

Encrypt backup file and store it in a save place

	 openssl enc -aes-256-cbc -salt -in <luks_backup> -out <luks_backup>.enc

Add NukeKey

	 cryptsetup luksAddNuke /dev/<sda5>

To check key slots after nuking, start bootable usb and use the following command

	cryptsetup luksDump /dev/<sda5>

	#return Key Slot 0: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 1: DISABLED
	#retrun Key Slot 2: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 3: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 4: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 5: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 6: DISABLED
	#return Key Slot 7: DISABLED

To restore the header, use the following command

	 openssl aes-256-cbc -d -a -in <file>.enc -out <file>
	 cryptsetup luksHeaderRestore /dev/<sda5> --header-backup-file <file>
